we got to go what's going on guys it's
Bob Mould assignment just got back from
an epic leg day rocking my Bonnie as you
saw before guys but I'm actually got to
hook up with them and they're going to
give me basically nine dollars off to
all my subscribers all my viewers so use
coupon code oh I at any brand calm and
you can even pre-order if they don't
have a size or they don't have color
that you like so definitely check them
out guys awesome lifting shoes they were
great for like day today more
importantly guys I'm not used to eating
fish you know that you've never seen it
in a video I've never you never seen me
eat the tilapia not a typical
bodybuilder type meal I'm all about the
chicken been eatin chicken for over two
years well yesterday I actually tried my
mom swipe so I I don't know without the
right price I guess what that's what it
looks like it is but it's why it's a lot
like tilapia volesse fishy and it tasted
amazing and she didn't even do it where
it was actually crispy was it was flaky
but it was it was soft so I'm actually
baking it today it's gonna she gave me
the recipe hopefully it turns out great
but I'm gonna walk you through it so uh
you see I got on my tough we're set up I
already made one batch of asparagus but
see this is the swype fillets that I got
and I'm getting 2.5 pounds I put them in
the pan make sure you make sure you
spray your pan too and what I'm going to
do is uh i'm actually going to first
lemon the chicken so first spread some
lemon over it and it's what this is
going to do is actually help the
seasonings actually stick to the chicken
chicken s'why so I guys I'm serious the
same chicken but uh and then I'm going
to throw some Cajun on it got to be
careful with this Cajun sauce is too
spicy so you know uses sparingly
especially if you're not used to the
spicy foods that really don't like spicy
and see how the lemon is really
stick this place and then I got my
blackened seasoning I'm gonna throw on
there to be a little bit a little bit
more generous with this all right am I
do it on the other side but not to bore
you I'm just going to move on to the
other parts of the meal I'm going to
actually put it at 400 and it's going to
be four minutes each side because it's a
very very thin fish so you don't need it
so it's going to be four minutes to each
side make sure you flip it too and as
always I have my asparagus if you guys
haven't invested in one of these
steamers this is a pampered chef steamer
and what you do is you throw your
asparagus you throw some water and salt
you throw it in the microwave for seven
minutes and you got steamed vegetables
it's really great makes it easy for me
to do this what I'm doing other things
and then also I have my boiled water
over here and i have my boil in bag
brown rice which is killer because it's
already basically pre-portioned out for
you in bags so it makes it really easy
for you to to actually measure out your
stuff because you know as a bodybuilder
it's really important everything
measured out now this is the salt this
is just a special hemel a insult my mom
uses but you can i'm sure you could use
any other salt to salt your tilapia or
or or swai swai fish not chicken not to
lappy ass why gotta get used to it but
as you can see I'll fill up my I'll fill
up my containers and four five ounces of
swai you actually get 26 grams of
protein check my fitness pal that's the
first thing I did when I tried it when
my mom pressured me to try it and how
was this I was so against it cuz I don't
eat fish guys I really don't any fish
whatsoever because it only tastes like
the smell it's the only fish that I've
ever had that is with standable the
protein content is good and it's easier
to eat than chicken chicken is very
Hardy very heavy that's a little bit
light flaky and it makes her a good meal
so hopefully it tastes great i'll give
you the review afterwards you know
probably be in my car
at work don't know when it will be won't
be tonight I'm actually full up on my
meals all i have is egg whites left and
a salad like a romaine salad with uh so
some red wine vinegar and i throw some
olive oil on it too so that's all i have
for tonight check me out on Instagram
make sure you hit me up on Twitter and
follow me on Facebook too i hope this
helped guys and I especially hope it
helps for anybody who doesn't like fish
but also sick chicken so talk to you
later guys bottom limbus iron out do you
wish for gains of Mount Olympus the only
way to train like a god in the halls of
iron is to bestow it upon yourself
garments of Olympus only such garments
can be purchased at Olympus I encomm